www.passioneitalia.it video site
sweet and savory recipes hello to all like
I had announced the new one today
recipe will be spaghetti alla
pizzaiola is an easy recipe to make
good and it also shakes them a great success
even with children
so as usual I leave you to the video
and to the ingredients the ingredients that
let's use for this recipe
only parsley 1 garlic clove
tomato puree in this case
we use from tomato purée
fresh then the cooking times will be
reduced to the ideas of oregano and anchovy
in oil
but what we do right away is to put
water on the fire and then continue with
the recipe ok now let's try
off with the thought we use the
Crescent moon
once finished chopping the
parsley and side we go to put
the oil in a pan and we go to
put in our used
before going to light the fire e
brown the mince we carry
go ahead and let's avoid this
case an anchovy to come
pitted drips I recommend fairies
be careful when chopping olives
because in the end it could turn out later
a treasure hunt in finding them for
that they splash everywhere again
decreed now we can go to
light fire and brown the
our previous used as soon as
you will hear the sizzle means that to the
time to go put has lived or
better our tomato sauce
you immediately see that it is fresh from the
pompous and we mix everything
now let's go put the tellers in it
olives and acilia and a handful of oregano
and let's mix very simple well
to do in this research
then now let's go to cook on fire
low for salt not
I believe there is that according to why
since there are already olives, this is not the case
I really think there is a need
we know it's all we believe here they are
to be naturally in the moment
our spaghetti always the usual number
54 people 320 grams and we turn immediately
so do not attack ten minutes of
our sub cooking is ready to remember
of course we are talking about
fresh tomato puree if so
buy the sauces those already prepared there
they will also want 15 20
now all we have to do is wait
the pasta ok the pasta is ready let's go to
drain it and we travel this is the
result of our spaghetti are
ready just eat them thank you
yet to have seen one of mine
recipes
I remind you that on the site there is also the
possibility to download it in pdf format
to the download page of choices
thanks again to the next